🔧 Create file storage for bolt (#2)
IBM/slack-wrench: packages/bolt-storage-file/README.md

> # Bolt File Storage

Reviewer: don't love the name "storage-file" for this package. no immediate suggestions - maybe something combination of `dev`, `store`, `persist`, `file`, `state`. like `bolt-dev-persist` or `bolt-state-store`. `bolt-file-store` sounds like you're storing files almost, though, which doesn't make a ton of sense.

Reviewer: also, probably worth providing a simple helper to clean the persistent storage? maybe as a separate PR.

Author: > don't love the name "storage-file"

Same. My intent was to play prefix games for sorting and the like.

For example, in production we will likely need to write a "bolt-storage-postgres". I'm both surprised and not at all that I couldn't find any other existing art here. 

I could work `convo` store in there too, but like. That seems weird, I'm also trying to use it for interactions which isn't a convo technically?

Author: > probably worth providing a simple helper to clean the persistent storage? maybe as a separate PR.

Seems interesting, I'm not sure I see what dx your looking to help.

My current process is just `rm -rf .db`

Reviewer: kind of a small thing, but that currently requires people both knowing how this is implemented and where the file is/its name.

> Bolt [conversation store](https://slack.dev/bolt/concepts#conversation-store) that uses your file system as a database. Useful for retaining conversation state through restarts of your App in development.

Reviewer: let's write this as a sentence and maybe give a little more detail on the why/problem being solved? no strong feelings, here's a stab

```suggestion
Tool to maintain a Bolt [conversation store](https://slack.dev/bolt/concepts#conversation-store) in development using your file system as a database. Improves developer experience by persisting conversation state through App restarts.
```

Author: > Tool to maintain a Bolt

😛 Na it's litterally a conversation store.

https://github.com/IBM/slack-wrench/pull/2/files#diff-7dcefd9507c82601c7c829c82b1a3005R10

I'll take a stab at it though.

## Install

```bash
# Yarn
yarn add --dev @slack-wrench/bolt-storage-file

# npm
npm install --save-dev @slack-wrench/bolt-storage-file
```

## Usage

```typescript
import { App } from '@slack/bolt';
import FileStore from '@slack-wrench/bolt-storage-file';

const databasePath = '.db'; // defaults to ".db"

> const fileStore = new FileStore(databasePath);

Reviewer: wouldn't the happiest path jusrt be 
```js
const fileStore = new FileStore(); 
```

? 

my guess is most people wouldn't customize. don't feel strongly here, just wondering how easy we want the initial example to be.

Could have a different header showing how to customize the usage by passing in a `databasePath`

Author: Having a whole section for `path` seems unnecessary to me. I'll try something else to communicate it.
